X509 indicator type, layout and fields. (#31341)
demisto/content: Packs/ExpanseV2/ReleaseNotes/1_10_49.md

#### Integrations
##### Expanse v2

> - **Breaking Changes:** The X509 Certificate indicator type has been moved from "X509 Certificate" pack to the "Common Types" pack. Before updating please uininstall the "X509 Certificate" pack (Common Types will be updated automatically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Breaking Changes:** The X509 Certificate indicator type has been moved from the "X509 Certificate" content pack to the "Common Types" content pack. Before updating, uninstall the "X509 Certificate" content pack (Common Types will be updated automatically).
```
